Voices in my Nightmare
- Miegrat Sammri


Nightmares don't scare me; I welcome them in; 
I have the power to mould my nightmares into submission. 
Force them to bend, force them to spin. 
But this one was... different! It swallowed me whole. 
An ordeal too heavy, too dark for control.

All those terrifying nightmares
I thought I was in control
And in control I was, I did wake escape
But now that I am awake, I can't sleep again

'Twas not a typical hunted-by-the-ghost dream
'Twas not a common getting-chased-by-a-creep sleepstream
'Twas not even the I-fell-off-of-the-edge-of-the-cliff, welp!
'Twas not any getting-murdered-by-the-clown, or the devil himself

No, it was something else entirely
A powerful nightmare that shook my very form
There was an awful lot out of the ordinary, yet I followed it
I was in control, so I followed where my thoughts led astray
Something, somewhere, places I had no recollection of
Yet my mind walked confident through the labyrinth of suppressed memories

My unfaithful mind played a dirty trick on me
Out of nowhere, a massive shudder tore through
As if energy to recreate matter split me from feet to brain
Destroyed me, remade me whole, just to prove its reign.

I thought I was in control, I could've sworn
So I let it happen, even asked for more
I don't know what I'd expected to happen
After all, it was all in my head
But a moment came, I felt it clear,
For a minute second, my soul split off of my whole
A part of me detached and right back in it snapped

Through the rumbling, a faint voice spoke,
“You found the core, but it stays impure.  
I’ll welcome you in, but only if you're sure,  
You’ve come so far, yet there’s much more.  
You have the will, but not the strength I seek  
Do you feel mighty enough to complete this lore?”  

“Welcome me in, I want to see."
It’s my head, my lore, it belongs to me.
"Let’s get it over with, reveal your show,"
If nothing else, I'll write it in a song of woe.”

Oh boy, was I wrong, it was a lot to go along
My fragile mind was on the verge of explosion
Lucky me, I was steering the dreamy wheel, I was in control
I seized myself awake, pulled me free
But now that I am awake, I fear, I've lost this control

Take me back to sleep, I plead, I cannot lose control
This wakeful life doesn't agree with me, I am bereft of control
In my dreams, good or bad, at least I am in charge
Out here, open unarmed, I am lost in large 


#grimscythe2001 #grimscythe #miegratsammri #miegrat #sammri #voicesinmynightmare #voices #nightmare #poem #poetry 
